welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a disaster movie from 2020
titled greenland spoilers ahead watch
out and take care
we see construction work being done on
top of a massive building
two men are talking about some delays
the one that's frustrated with the
situation is the boss
john moments later he's driving his car
listening to the radio about an
interstellar comet that will fly by
close to earth
he arrives at a suburban neighborhood
and walks up to a house reluctant to go
in
he enters a room where a woman is seen
on a treadmill
that's ally his wife they have an
awkward conversation surrounding their
child
nathan and his upcoming birthday party
the son arrives and is excited to see
him
they go to his room and talk about a
drawing he made of the coming comet
named clark
as they're laying on the bed it's
revealed that the boy is a diabetic
they talk about john's separation from
his mom later
the three of them are in a living room
listening to the news about the comet
the interstellar body is moving fast
toward earth and is made up of many
pieces of ice trailing behind it
that night he's seen moving back in the
house taking a guest room
the next morning the dad is listening to
the news about the comet again
they're saying that pieces of the comet
will fall on earth but that there's no
reason to worry
while he's cleaning the grill for the
upcoming party ally walks in and tells
him that he needs to go to the store to
pick up a few things
he takes his son with him and while
still at the parking lot everyone is
looking up at the sky
they see the comet approaching inside
the store as they are shopping
john gets a presidential alert on his
phone and then an automated call
no one else in the store is getting the
same alert he is informed that him along
with his wife and his son are chosen for
emergency shelter relocation
the same alert is shown in the house tv
but ally doesn't see it
john quickly leaves the store with his
son as they're driving home
he sees military vehicles and planes
going the other way
when they arrive home the people have
already gathered for the party
john goes to talk to ally in the kitchen
and asks her if she got the same alert
she dismisses him thinking it's just a
test but he tells her about the military
he saw on the way
suspicious about what's happening with
the comet both of them come back to the
living room
where everyone is watching the news
expecting to see a part of the comet
hitting the atlantic ocean
no one is worried as an image of the
fragment is shown on the tv screen
and the kids start counting down when
they reach to one
waiting to see the splash in the ocean
nothing happens for a moment
there's a little earthquake and john
walks out of the house he sees a flock
of birds flying away
when suddenly a massive shockwave hits
him over felt inside the house as well
he comes back in and everyone is scared
still listening to the news
the newscaster announces that the piece
has impacted a city in florida with a
shockwave that was fell for thousands of
miles
the city was completely destroyed as an
orbital shot of the comet hitting is
being shown on the news
the people wonder if more pieces will
hit the planet john gets another
presidential alert
the call plays on both his phone and the
tv so everyone can see what the message
says
none of the others are getting the same
message which states that jon can't take
anyone else to the shelter
except his family he gets a security
code to enter the plane on his phone
the others leave in a panic john and
ally are packing worried if they'll have
enough insulin for the boy
the child asks about his grandpa ally is
preparing food and listening to the
terrifying news
as john goes to get nathan who says that
the sky is on fire
pulling out of the driveway they see
that none of their friends got the same
call
one of them tells the family that the
news is reporting that a huge piece of
the comet
called planet killer will hit the earth
in two days
as they are leaving another neighbor
runs to them begging to take their
daughter
john refuses and they drive off arguing
in the car that even if they did take
her
she might have been turned away at the
air base later as they are driving
people are seen already looting the
stores suddenly
they drive up to a massive traffic jam
on the highway and john goes the other
way
taking a side road they're listening to
the news on the radio
saying that there have been more impacts
and others are expected which might take
out entire cities or even cause an
extinction level event
they arrive at the airbase being guarded
by the military
people are gathered around the doors
because they're not being allowed in
the family pushes trough a crowd and is
allowed entrance with the barcode they
received
once inside they are given wristbands
for personal identification and are told
to move all their things into one
smaller bag
suddenly they realize the insulin for
nathan is gone and john goes to take it
from the car
ally goes to tell the soldiers about her
husband but tells them about the boy's
diabetes and causes a problem
she's taken to a superior officer that
informs her that someone with a chronic
condition can't be on the plane
ally tries to reason with her but she
gets turned down
she and her son get escorted out of the
base meanwhile
jon comes back and is headed toward the
planes looking for them unaware of what
is happening
john boards one of the planes that's
about to take off and tries to reach
ally but can
one of the passengers there sees the
insulin and tells him about the rules
regarding chronic illnesses
john panicks and asks to leave the plane
suddenly
the base gets breached and the people
start shooting toward the military
the plane that john was existing has a
fuel leak so he tells everyone to get
out and runs away
the plane explodes and causes a chain
reaction john finds out about his family
being rejected
as the two of them are already back at
the car nathan is already low on insulin
the chaos in front of the base continues
so john takes a while to get back at the
car
too once there he finds a message from
ally that she's taking nathan to her
dad's place
so jon goes after them on the road there
ally and the boy get to a pharmacy she
checks his blood sugar and they go to
find insulin for him
suddenly a gang walks inside and starts
shooting killing people all around
they manage to escape and get into a car
with some people that will take them
part of the way to her dads
the couple ally is riding with start
acting strangely very fast
eventually they throw her out the car
take her wristband and drive off with
her son
leaving her stranded on the highway
meanwhile jon is lucky enough to find a
ride up north as well
inside the truck john sparks a
conversation with one of the men colin
who tells him that they are headed to
canada where the driver knows someone
that has a plane and can take people to
the shelters
apparently the military has set up the
shelters on greenland
the man tells him to find his family and
meet him in canada so they can take one
of the planes to
another one of the people in the truck
eyes john's wristband and demands that
jon gives it to him
but when he refuses a huge fight unfolds
the fighting causes the truck to swirl
and crash
throwing the people from the back out
the fight continues regardless and jon
ends up killing the guy colin dies in
the crash
in the meantime ally gets another ride
toward the base where the people that
took nathan are headed
he is still seen riding with them when
they get to the airport base
at the first stop as they are showing
the wristbands the boy tells the soldier
that those people are not his parents
and the soldier gets them escorted away
taking him inside later ally gets there
too and tries to find him from one stop
to another from one medical unit to
another
she finally finds him and she's informed
that he's been given insulin
the nurse says she'll help ally find a
military transport to her father's city
and that she will stalk her with
medicine for nathan
john breaks into a house for some water
and food he checks the news immediately
only to see that the main impact is
expected in just under 24 hours
he finds keys to the family's car and
takes it getting to allies dad fast
he finds him playing cards with his
buddies asking about his daughter
they decide to put their differences
aside and work together to find her and
nathan
meanwhile the two of them arrive at a
gas station and call the house
john and her father go to pick them up
and the family is finally back together
all of them get back to the house and
see that the information john got about
the shelters was true
he convinced his ally that they should
go to canada and try their luck so they
prepare for the journey there
unfortunately they can't convince
allah's father to join them
suddenly a giant piece of the comet
falls nearby prompting them to go
immediately
ally's father gives john a gun and says
his goodbyes staying behind as they
drive away
john and ally reconnect during the drive
promising to stay together
they stop for a blockade along the road
when debris from the comet starts
falling all around them
john drives out from the line of cars
but the fragments are falling everywhere
ally gets in the back to cover nathan
while jon tries to find shelter
they stop near a bridge where others
hide as well but john runs off to help a
man out of a burning car
later that night they continue their
journey and pass into canada
while searching for the airport they
listen to the radio and discover that
they don't have much more time until the
biggest part of the comet hits earth and
destroys more than 75
of all living things as they drive they
see one plane getting air and another
almost taking off
so they chase after the second one john
stops the plane by driving right in
front of it
the pilot is reluctant to take them in
since he is already at full capacity
but they succeed in convincing him jon
has a dream about better times and when
he wakes up they are approaching
greenland
the place seems unaffected by the comet
until a moment later a fragment impacts
the water and creates a shockwave that
hits the plane
both engines are failing as the pilot
tries to keep the plane in the air
they glide trough the air landing
smoothly but hit the glacier
the pilots are pinned on impact but john
isn't able to help them
he sees a military plane land a mile
away so he shows the people from the
plane there and when they arrive
a military truck takes them in and gets
them to the shelter
as they are going inside the planet
killer hits the impact will reach them
in a matter of minutes and the people
are still getting
deeper inside the shelter once inside
they brace for impact and a flashback is
seen of their previous life
when they were happy together nine
months later the planet is desolated
cities ruined completely a radio signal
is searching for survivors and
establishes a connection
informing the receiving end that the
dust has settled and there is no
radiation
the hatches of the shelter open and
reveal that the family is still alive
facing the ruin of the planet as a
symbol of hope they see a bird flying
outside and start coming out of the
shelter
as the earth is seen from space radio
signals communicate from all around the
globe
there are people still alive everywhere
on the planet make sure to subscribe and
turn on notifications so you can watch
more videos like this
thanks for watching